JOB OVERVIEW

We are seeking an enthusiastic and self-driven Junior Business Analyst for our Support Services Team. This position will report to the Support Services Lead and will be based out of our Sherwood Park Head office.

General Duties & Responsibilities:

Assist in creating, maintaining, and customizing management dashboards.
Provide support in designing and setting up workflows for automated reports.
Assist in setting up data tables for various Power Apps.
Provide support in setting up project control measures, cost structures, designing and setting up of cost codes for business analytics and cost controls.
Provide support to project teams throughout the project’s life cycles to ensure adequate data integrity for reporting, forecasts, and analytics purposes.
Assist various departments in creating analytic, reporting, and utility tools for data collection and application.
Provide support to various construction operations projects troubleshooting existing systems and assisting in implementation of new systems where required.
Contributing to training and support for project teams affected by new and existing systems and processes.
Collaborating with managers and consultants to effectively document business processes.
QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor’s degree in business administration or related field.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to work with complex data sets.
Highly organized and excellent time management skills.
Working knowledge of Microsoft SharePoint Information Architecture.
Advanced skills in Microsoft Excel, able to work with data management and categorization of vast data sets.
Able to work with data tables exported from various software to create management tools.
Proficient in creating visualization via Microsoft Power BI. Ability to customize Power BI widget or create new gauges is a plus.
Able to work with Microsoft Power Apps.
Proficient in desktop-based computer programs in general, resourceful and able to learn new software.
Knowledge of modern construction practices is a plus.
Experience with estimating and scheduling software is considered an asset.
What We Offer:

highly competitive wages
group health benefits including Lifestyle Spending Account
group RRSP matching program
exciting opportunities for career growth
Childcare Subsidy Program
Our strong dedication to safety, a high standard of quality/execution and overall company culture will provide job satisfaction to anyone who works for us. We have a positive and diversified working environment. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and all qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.

About Us

Centurion Canada Infrastructure Inc. is an integrated services contractor known for our ability to deliver remote access, environmental and infrastructure construction services, and maintenance across Western Canada. We implement new technologies that enhance performance and results. With qualified professionals and a large fleet of equipment, we are equipped to manage projects of all sizes across all sectors. Centurion offers an extensive suite of construction services, driven by continuous improvement, project planning, quality, and safety.

As part of the Centurion group of companies, our Vision is to build a successful global & sustainable rental and services company to critical industries. Our Values are an intricate part of our success; we are looking for team members with the same visions and values.

‘WE DO THE RIGHT THING’

‘WE DO WHAT WE SAY’

‘WE GO THE EXTRA MILE’

‘WE WORK TOGETHER’

Please visit www.centurioncinf.comfor more information

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:

Dental care
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Extended health care
Life insurance
On-site parking
Paid time off
RRSP match
Tuition reimbursement
Vision care
Wellness program
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Ability to commute/relocate:

120 Pembina Road Sherwood Park, AB T8H 0M2: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)
Application question(s):

Do you have experience with Microsoft Sharepoint , Microsoft Power BI and other Microsoft Power Apps?
Education:

Bachelor's Degree (preferred)
Work Location: In person